Research and analyze which of the vulnerabilities appear to be related to the code deployed for the environment in this project.

I am surprised by the number of security findings that I need to fix in my personal AWS account. The first challenge was to filter only the related to the code deployed for this project in Udacity :-)

EC2 Security Group:
1. Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 22. Security groups provide stateful filtering of ingress/egress network traffic to AWS resources. 
2. Ensure the default security group of every VPC restricts all traffic. A VPC comes with a default security group whose initial settings deny all inbound traffic, Allow all outbound traffic, and allow all traffic between instances assigned to the security group. If you don't specify a security group when you launch an instance, the instance is automatically assigned to this default security group. 
3. Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 3389. Security groups provide stateful filtering of ingress/egress network traffic to AWS resources. 
4. Ensure VPC flow logging is enabled in all VPCs. VPC Flow Logs is a feature that enables you to capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in your VPC. After you've created a flow log, you can view and retrieve its data in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. 

S3 Bucket:
5. PCI.S3.4 S3 buckets should have server-side encryption enabled
6. PCI.S3.5 S3 buckets should require requests to use Secure Socket Layer

EC2 instances:
7. EC2.8 EC2 instances should use Instance Metadata Service Version 2 (IMDSv2)

Bonus - provide recommendations on how to remediate the vulnerabilities.

1. It is recommended that no security group allows unrestricted ingress access to port 22. The IP addresses of the incoming SSH traffic in the security groups (WebAppSG, default, and AttackInstanceSG ) aren't restricted. 
2. It is recommended that the default security group restrict all traffic.
3. It is recommended that no security group allows unrestricted ingress access to port 3389.
4. It is recommended that VPC Flow Logs be enabled for packet "Rejects" for VPCs.
5. Enable default encryption on an S3 bucket
6. Update the permissions policy of the S3 bucket
7. Configure your EC2 instance with IMDSv2